Just think of it this way.
Then you have a good rest first
I'll fall in for you in three days
Thank you, I'll go first
Hello Manager Chen, hello Manager Chen
This is my girlfriend Los Angeles
Invite you to take her
Ok ok
Please give me a Luo Zhijiao
Oh, dear.
Shanshan has any advice, I don't know how to teach, it's too important
We will be a family from now on
The air is very good in this position. Come and sit here.
Thank you all then
Then you and Shanshan get along well.
Okay
We will definitely take good care of Shanshan these days.
Then no one can bully her
Come to Shanshan and sit here
Hey, how long has Sasha been with the manager?
Not long, just a few days
Ah, it worked in a few days.
Just don't invite you
Shanshan is a beautiful woman, you can't compare to him
I want you to tell me, it's not that I don't know.
Lai Shanshan
Let me teach you the basic functions of our department
Hello everyone, my name is Yang Qianchen